Natasha: I AM SO EXCITED. NOW,
ARE YOU SURE THAT YOU DON'T MIND
DOING THIS?
Christian: AND PASS UP YET
ANOTHER VACANT NIGHT OF A TIRED
AND TRENDY CLUB THAT SMELLS LIKE
SWEAT, DESPERATION, AND DRAKKAR
NOIR?
Natasha: HA HA.
Christian: MOVIE NIGHT SOUNDS
FANTASTIC. I JUST DON'T SEE HOW
IT'S FUN FOR YOU.
Natasha: BECAUSE YOU'LL BE MY
EYES. WHEN YOU DESCRIBE TO ME
WHAT'S HAPPENING, WE SEE THE
TOGETHER. IT'S, UM, VERY
ROMANTIC.
Christian: THEN I'LL BE QUITE
IMAGINATIVE AT DESCRIBING THE
SEX SCENES.
Natasha: OH?
Christian: AND QUITE WILLING TO
ACT OUT ANYTHING THAT YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
Natasha: HA.
Christian: ANYTHING YOU'RE DYING
TO RENT?
Natasha: UH, NO MIRACLE WORKER,
NO SCENT OF A WOMAN, AND NO
VAL KILMER MOVIES.
Christian: I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
YOU CAN LISTEN TO THE XM RADIO.
Natasha: OH, THANK YOU.
Radio: * LOVE,
LOVE WILL KEEP US TOGETHER *
Clerk: AVOID BRITNEY SPEARS IN
CROSSROADS AT ALL COSTS. IT'S
BEEN KNOWN TO CAUSE SPONTANEOUS
COMBUSTION.
Christian: THANKS FOR THE TIP...
NIGHTMARE.
Nightmare: CAN I HELP YOU FIND
ANYTHING?
Christian: HERE'S MY SITUATION.
I NEED TO FIND SOMETHING FOR
MY GIRLFRIEND, BUT SHE'S BLIND.
Nightmare: BUMMER. BUT IN THAT
CASE, I GUESS SHE HASN'T SEEN
MUCH, SO OUR WORLD OPENS UP.
HOW ABOUT... ALL ABOUT EVE?
Christian: I'M GONNA BE THERE,
TOO.
Clerk: RIGHT. YEAH. MIGHT BE
A LITTLE. . .GAY.
* THINK OF ME, BABE,
WHENEVER SOME SWEET-TALKIN' GIRL
COMES ALONG, SINGIN' A SONG,
DON'T MESS AROUND,
YOU JUST GO'I'I'A BE STRONG,
JUST STOP,
'CAUSE I REALLY LOVE YOU... *
[VAN DOOR CLOSES]
* I'VE BEEN THINKIN' OF YOU *
Man: DUDE, I THINK SHE'S BLIND.
Second man: HEH. NO WAY.
DUDE, CHECK THIS OUT.
* YOU, YOU DO-DO-DO... *
[MEN LAUGHING]
Nightmare: WHAT ABOUT AMELIE?
OK, BE A CYNIC. BUT IT MADE
ME CRY, DUDE.
Man: MAN, THIS IS A SWEET RIDE.
SO IS HELEN KELLER.
Second man: NOBODY DESERVES TO
HAVE BOTH, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
SAYING?
* STOP,
I'VE BEEN THINKIN' OF YOU,
LOOK IN MY HEART AND LET LOVE
KEEP US TOGETHER,
WHATEVER... *
* YOUNG AND BEAUTIFUL,
BUT SOMEDAY
YOUR LOOKS'LL BE GONE... *
Christian: WHAT ABOUT THIS?
I LOVE BRAN DO.
Nightmare: LAST TANGO? ARE YOU
SERIOUS? ARE YOU REALLY READY TO
TELL YOUR GIRL, "OK, UM, NOW
MARLON IS SHOVING A STICK OF
BUTTER UP HIS GIRL'S BUTT"?
* I WILL, I WILL,
I WILL,
DA- DA- DA- DA,
DA-DA-DA- DA. .. *
[CHRISTIAN SIGHS]
Christian: WHAT ABOUT THIS?
* DA- DA- DA- DA,
DA- DA- DA- DA,
DA-DA-DA- DA. .. *
* YOU BETTER STOP,
STOP,
'CAUSE I REALLY LOVE YOU,
I'VE BEEN THINKIN' OF YOU,
LOOK IN MY HEART AND LET LOVE
KEEP US TOGETHER,
WHATEVER,
A-BA- DA, WHATEVER,
I WILL, I WILL, I WILL,
I WILL-- *
[TURNS OFF RADIO]
Natasha: CAN I HELP YOU?
Christian: WHAT THE HELL JUST
HAPPENED?
Natasha: WHAT?
Christian: THE WHOLE FRONT END
OF MY CAR IS GONE. THOSE RIMS
ARE 7 GRAND APIECE.
Natasha: CHRISTIAN, OH, MY GOD.
I'M SO SORRY.
Christian: WELL, DIDN'T YOU
AT LEAST FEEL THE CAR MOVE?
Natasha: I THOUGHT IT WAS
THE BASS IN THE SONG. OHH.
*AHH*
* MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL *
* MAKE ME
A PERFECT SOUL,
A PERFECT MIND,
A PERFECT FACE,
A PERFECT
LIFE *
Sean: MS. NYE, TELL US WHAT YOU
DON'T LIKE ABOUT YOURSELF.
Ms. Nye: MY PAST. I WANT TO
FORGET MY LAST 25 YEARS. I WANT
TO FORGET WHO I WAS AND WHAT
HAPPENED IN MY LIFE.
Christian: MS. NYE, WE'RE
PLASTIC SURGEONS. WE WORK ON THE
SURFACE, NOT WHAT'S UNDERNEATH.
Nye: OH, I'M SORRY. I DID
SORT OF SOUND LIKE A LOON
JUST THEN, DIDN'T I? I'M SORRY.
NOSE WAS BROKEN, UH, 16 YEARS
AGO, AND I WOULD LIKE TO GET IT
FIXED.
Sean: YOU'VE BEEN LIVING WITH
THIS FRACTURE ALL THIS TIME,
AND NOW YOU WANT IT REPAIRED?
MAY I ASK WHY?
Nye: EVERY TIME I LOOK IN
THE MIRROR, IT HELPS ME
REMEMBER...TYLER. IT HELPS ME
HOLD ON TO HIM IN SOME SMALL
WAY. UH, SORRY. TYLER'S MY SON.
HE'S, UM, OUR SON, STAN'S AND
MINE. AND, UH, WELL, STAN WAS A
NEATNIK, YOU KNOW. AND TYLER...
WELL, TYLER WAS 5. AND HE WOULD
ALWAYS PLAY WITH A TOY AND LEAVE
IT AROUND THE KITCHEN FLOOR, AND
NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES STAN
TOLD HIM TO PICK UP HIS THINGS,
TYLER WOULD CONTINUE TO LEAVE
THINGS AROUND FOR ONE OF US TO
TRIP ON, AND THEN ONE DAY, STAN
JUST...SNAPPED, AND, UH...
WELL, HE HIT ME 'CAUSE, UM,
I DIDN'T PICK UP THE TOYS,
EITHER. AND THEN HE THREW ONE AT
TYLER AND, UM, IT HIT HIM IN
THE HEAD, AND IT KNOCKED HIM
UNCONSCIOUS, AND HE...HE DIED IN
MY ARMS FROM BLEEDING ON
THE BRAIN. SORRY.
Sean: WAS THIS THE FIRST TIME
HE HIT YOU?
Nye: OH, NO. NO. HE BROKE
MY WRIST. THE BONES STICK OUT
A LITTLE BIT RIGHT HERE.
AND, UM, YOU KNOW, THEY REALLY
SHOULD'VE PUT STAN AWAY FOR
LIFE, BUT, UH, HE'S GETTING OUT
IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS. AND YOU
KNOW WHAT? HE BETTER NOT COME
LOOKING FOR ME, BECAUSE I AM
MUCH STRONGER NOW. I JUST
WOULDN'T TAKE THAT NOW.
Sean: ARE YOU WANTING THE
SURGERY NOW, MS. NYE, TO LOOK
DIFFERENT SO YOUR EX-HUSBAND--
Nye: OH, WE'RE NOT
OFFICIALLY DIVORCED, BUT, UM,
I'M--I'M GONNA FILE.
Sean: SO YOUR CURRENT HUSBAND
WON'T FIND YOU?
Nye: NO. I'M DOING THIS
FOR ME. I'VE LIVED WITH THIS
PAIN LONG ENOUGH, AND IT'S TIME
TO MOVE ON. FIXING MY FACE
COMPLETES MY BREAKUP WITH THIS
MAN. I WANT TO LOOK FORWARD,
NOT BACK.
Ava: PUT ON YOUR CLOTHES.
Adrian: HOW ABOUT YOU TAKE
YOURS OFF?
Ava: STOP IT.
I SAID, STOP IT!
STOP HUMILIATING YOURSELF.
IF YOU HAVE A SEXUAL URGE,
MASTU RBATE.
Adrian: WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
Ava: TAKING MATT TO THE SHORE
CLUB. THERE'S 20 BUCKS ON
THE KITCHEN COUNTER. ORDER
YOURSELF A PIZZA OR SOMETHING.
Adrian: HOW COULD YOU STILL BE
SEEING THAT LITTLE SHIT?
I THOUGHT WE--
Ava: YOU THOUGHT WRONG.
WHAT HAPPENED WAS A...MOMENTARY
WEAKN ESS.
Adrian: YOU'RE A HEARTLESS
BITCH !
Ava: VILIFY ME IF THAT HELPS
WITH YOUR SEPARATION.
Adrian: YOU TREAT ME LIKE A DOG.
ONE DAY, YOU HAND-FEED ME SCRAPS
FROM THE TABLE, AND THE NEXT
DAY, YOU JUST LOCK ME UP IN THE
BASEMENT?! YOU'RE THE GODDAMN
MOTHER OF THE YEAR.
Kimber: OH, THANKS.
I'M SO SORRY. THERE WAS TERRIBLE
TRAFFIC ON THE CAUSEWAY.
Sean: OH, HONEY. WHAT'S WRONG?
Kimber: SEAN, I HAVE TERRIBLE
NEWS. [SIGHS]
I WENT TO SEE ELMA TODAY, MY NEW
PSYCHIC.
[SIGHS]
LOOK. MY HEART LINE, IT BREAKS
RIGHT HERE. NOW, ELMA SAID IT'S
NICE AND HIGH, MEANING VERY
PASSIONATE, WHICH IS TRUE,
BUT DO YOU SEE WHERE IT BREAKS
INTO 2?
Sean: YEAH, UH...
Kimber: IT MEANS I'M GONNA HAVE
A TERRIBLE TRAGEDY IN MY LOVE
LIFE. IT MEANS WE'RE NOT GONNA
MAKE IT AS A COUPLE, SEAN.
Sean: DON'T SAY THAT, KIMBER.
WE'RE HAVING A GREAT TIME,
AREN'T WE?
Kimber: WILL YOU MAKE MY LOVE
LINES LONGER? I TOLD ELMA THAT
MY BOYFRIEND'S A PLASTIC
SURGEON, AND SHE SAID THAT IF
I HAD MY HEART LINES CONNECTED
AND EXTENDED, THEN WE WOULD
ALWAYS BE TOGETHER, THAT
THE PHYSICAL CAN DETERMINE FATE.
Woman: HELLO, SEAN?
Sean: JULIA. HI.
Julia: UH, HELLO, KIMBER.
Kimber: HI.
Julia: KEVIN HOTCHKISS, THIS IS
SEAN, WHO I'M SEPARATED FROM.
Kevin: HI.
Julia: AND THIS IS HIS FRIEND
KIMBER.
Kevin: HOW YOU DOING?
Sean: OH. NICE TO MEET YOU.
IS THIS YOUR FIRST DATE?
Kevin: UH, NO, ACTUALLY, THIS IS
OUR...THIRD DATE IN 3 DAYS.
[KEVIN AND JULIA LAUGH]
Kimber: SUCH A COINCIDENCE THAT
YOU'RE AT THIS RESTAURANT.
Kimber: NO, UH, ACTUALLY, SEAN
BROUGHT ME HERE FOR VALENTINE'S
DAY LAST YEAR, AND, UM,
I ALWAYS WANTED TO COME BACK.
Kevin: [LAUGHS]
Sean: HOW DID THE TWO OF YOU
MEET?
Kimber: I STARTED TAKING ZENNIS
LESSONS WITH KEVIN LAST WEEK.
Sean: ZENNIS?
Kevin: YEAH, IT'S A ZEN APPROACH
TO TENNIS. IT'S--I FOUND THAT
MOST PLAYERS OUT THERE AREN'T
TAPPING INTO THEIR FULL
POTENTIAL BECAUSE
PSYCHOLOGICALLY, THEY'RE
STANDING IN THEIR OWN WAY.
I USE THE PHYSICAL TO ACCESS
THE EMOTIONAL.
Sean: I SEE.
Julia: ALREADY IT'S MADE SUCH
A DIFFERENCE TO MY GAME.
Kevin: REALLY. TOOK A SET OFF ME
THIS MORNING. CAN YOU BELIEVE
THAT? YOU DID, TOO. YOU WERE IN
THE ZONE.
Sean: WELL, HAVE A NICE MEAL.
Kevin: OK. UH, NICE TO MEET YOU.
Julia: UM, I'LL SEE YOU IN
THE MORNING WHEN I COME TO GET
ANNIE.
Kimber: I CAN'T BELIEVE
THE NERVE.
Sean: I KNOW. RIGHT?
Kimber: THE NERVE OF YOU TO TAKE
ME TO THIS PLACE, SEAN. IT'S
KIND OF HARD FOR ME TO ENJOY
A ROMANTIC NIGHT OUT FOR 2 AT
A PLACE WHERE YOU AND YOUR WIFE
SHARED A VALENTINE'S DAY
CREME BRULEE.
Sean: ZENNIS. PLEASE. WHAT A
CROCK OF NEW AGE BULLSHIT.
AND COULD YOU BELIEVE THAT TAN?
HE'S A WALKING, TALKING
MELANOMA, IF YOU ASK ME.
Kimber: [SIGHS]
[CH UCKLES]
Kimber: DON'T BE UPSET, BABY.
I'M SURE HE'S NOT AS GOOD IN BED
AS YOU ARE.
Woman: * YEAH,
MM-MM-MM-MM, YEAH,
THERE'S NO OTHER
THAT CAN TREAT ME LIKE... *
Sean: I WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU
FROM BEHIND.
Kimber: I WANT YOU TO. BUT HOW
ABOUT SOME FOREPLAY FIRST?
MMM.
[BOTH MOANING]
Kimber: IT'S JUST A SIMPLE
SURGERY. IT'S JUST SIMPLE.
I WOULD HAVE SO MUCH MORE
CONFIDENCE ABOUT US WITH LONGER
LOVE LINES.
Sean: THIS OPERATION IS CRAZY.
I TOLD YOU, YOU HAVE NOTHING TO
WORRY ABOUT.
[BOTH MOAN]
Kimber: BUT IF I HAD
THE SURGERY, THEN I'D KNOW FOR
SURE WE'D ALWAYS BE TOGETHER.
Sean: WE DON'T NEED THAT.
MAYBE I SHOULD BE MORE SECURE.
AHH...OOH...
Kimber: TELL ME YOU'LL DO IT.
Sean: OH, KIMBER.
Kimber: TELL ME...
Sean: AHH...
Kimber: YOU'LL DO IT TOMORROW.
Sean: OK. OK. I'LL FIX YOUR
HANDS IN THE MORNING.
* CAN'T BE SHARIN',
NO TIME FOR SECOND PLACE,
I DON'T NEED A MAN, OH, NO,
GOT TO BE MY LOVE,
NOT A TWO-TIMIN' LOVER,
NOT A ONE-DAY LOVER, BE GONE,
JUST A LOVE I CAN CALL MY OWN *
* MM-MMM,
I CAN CALL MY OWN, BABY *
Christian: MMM...
Natasha: GOOD MORNING.
Christian: MMM. THAT'S A NICE
WAY TO START THE DAY.
Natasha: I THINK I CAN MAKE IT
EVEN BETTER.
[SEAN MOANING AND SIGHING]
I THINK I'VE FIGURED OUT HOW TO
GET YOU UNDER MY THUMB.
Christian: I THINK I WANT YOU TO
USE ALL 5 FINGERS.
MMM--
Natasha: WHAT'S THE MATTER?
Sean: WHY DON'T YOU HAVE YOUR
EYES IN?
Natasha: YOU KNOW THAT I HAVE
TROUBLE SLEEPING WITH THEM IN,
CH RISTIAN .
[CHRISTIAN SIGHS]
DOES IT TURN YOU OFF?
Christian: IT MIGHT HELP MAKE
THE MOMENT MORE ROMANTIC IF
I COULD SEE YOUR PRETTY BLUE
EYES INSTEAD OF THE...
VEINY VITREOUS.
Natasha: [SIGHS]
THAT'S INTERESTING. SO, I GUESS
IT'S WHAT YOU SEE AND NOT WHAT
YOU FEEL THAT TURNS YOU ON.
Christian: WHAT I SEE IS WHAT
I FEEL, NATASHA. THEY CAN'T
BE SEPARATED. I THOUGHT YOU
APPRECIATED MY HON ESTY.
Natasha: I DO. IT'S JUST THAT
I DON'T THINK THAT WAY.
Christian: OH.
Natasha: I GUESS I'LL GO PUT
MY...EYES IN, SINCE IT DISTURBS
YOU SO MUCH.
[SIGHS]
Christian: WHICH ONE IS
THE LOVE LINE?
Sean: THE TOP ONE. THE OTHER 2
ARE THE HEAD LINE AND THE LIFE
LINE.
Christian: THE HEAD LINE?
Sean: YEAH. IT'S THE ONE THAT'S
SUPPOSED TO SAY HOW SMART YOU
ARE.
Christian: GO FIGURE. KIMBER'S
HEAD LINE IS REALLY LONG.
Sean: I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR
NOT DRAWING ANY CONCLUSIONS
ABOUT THIS.
Christian: DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT,
PARTNER. IF THERE'S ANYBODY WHO
UNDERSTANDS THE POWER OF
THE PUSSY, IT'S ME. I'M THE ONE
DATING THE BLIND CHICK WHO
MISTOOK THE HALL CLOSET FOR THE
BATHROOM LAST NIGHT. LUCKY THAT
I STOPPED HER BEFORE SHE RUINED
MY PRADA CROCODILE LOAFERS.
Sean: NATASHA IS A BRIGHT,
BEAUTIFUL GIRL. YOU COULD DO
A LOT WORSE. YOU HAVE DONE A LOT
WORSE.
OH, THIS IS CRAZY. I SHOULDN'T
BE ASSUAGING KIMBER'S
INSECURITIES ABOUT OUR
RELATIONSHIP. I SHOULD BE
BREAKING UP WITH HER.
Christian: BREAKING UP?
I THOUGHT THINGS WERE GETTING
SERIOUS.
Sean: IT'S MOVING TOO FAST.
FRANKLY, SHE'S SUPERFICIAL.
HER SPIRITUAL GUIDE IS
A PALM READER.
Christian: HEH.
Sean: WE RAN INTO JULIA LAST
NIGHT ON A DATE WITH SOME GUY.
IT BOTHERED ME MUCH MORE THAN
I THOUGHT IT WOULD.
Christian: JULIA'S DATING
SOMEONE? WHO?
Sean: HER ZENNIS COACH. IT'S
SOME KIND OF NEW AGE APPROACH
TO TENNIS.
Christian: NEXT THING YOU KNOW,
SHE'LL HAVE HAIRY ARMPITS
AND SMELL LIKE PATCHOULI.
Sean: I'M TRAPPED, CHRISTIAN.
I CAN'T BREAK UP WITH KIMBER.
SHE'S BEEN SO SWEET TO ME.
Christian: THAT SUGAR TURNS TO
ACID WHEN SHE'S CROSSED.
REMEMBER WHEN I TRIED TO BREAK
UP WITH HER? SHE TIED ME TO
THE BED AND THREATENED TO
RECIRCUMCISE ME. YOU WATCH OUT
FOR HER, SEAN. KIMBER HENRY IS
SLIPPERY WHEN WET AND UNSTABLE
WHEN CROSSED.
Adrian: HI, MRS. MCNAMARA!
MATT TOLD ME YOU WERE THE NEXT
ANNA KOURNIKOVA.
Julia: WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE,
ADRIAN?
Adrian: I NEED TO HIT SOMETHING.
Julia: I NEED TO HIT SOMETHING,
TOO.
NICE SHOT...
BUT I'M DONE PLAYING WITH YOU.
Adrian: WELL, I GUESS I WIN,
THEN.
Julia: EVERYTHING'S A GAME TO
YOU, ADRIAN, ISN'T IT?
Adrian: NOT EVERYTHING. I NEED
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
Julia, scoffing: WHAT, AM I
GONNA GET TO MY CAR AND SEE
YOU'VE SLASHED MY TIRES?
Adrian: IT'S ABOUT ME AND
MY MOM. SHE BROKE UP WITH ME.
Julia: HEH. YOU CAN'T APPLY
A ROMANTIC CONVENTION TO
A PARENTAL RELATIONSHIP, ADRIAN.
Adrian: GOOD POINT. I MEAN,
WE DON'T HAVE SEX WITH CANDLES
BLAZING OR ANYTHING. IN FACT,
THE LAST TIME I WENT DOWN ON
HER, THE ROOM WAS PITCH-BLACK.
MOM HAS SHAME ISSUES.
Christian: WHAT CAN WE DO FOR
YOU?
Man: WELL, UH, TRUDY'S NOSE
TURNED OUT TERRIFIC. REALLY DID.
YOU GUYS FIXED IT REAL GOOD.
Trudy: I--I JUST LOVE IT.
Man: SO, I THOUGHT I COULD COME
IN AND TALK TO YOU ABOUT
MY FACE.
Sean: YOU'RE CONSIDERING PLASTIC
SURGERY?
Christian: A NEW CHIN TO GO WITH
THOSE PRISON-YARD BICEPS,
PERHAPS.
Trudy: UM, THERE SEEMS TO BE
A LOT OF ATTITUDE IN THIS ROOM
RIGHT NOW. UM, I UNDERSTAND YOUR
REACTION.
Stan: WE GET IT EVERYWHERE.
Trudy: BUT IT'S NOT WHAT YOU
THINK. I'M NOT BEING MANIPULATED
NOW.
Sean: BUT YOU CAN UNDERSTAND HOW
WE MIGHT HESITATE TO EVEN BE IN
THE SAME ROOM AFTER YOU
EXPLAINED THAT YOUR SON DIED AT
THE HAND OF THIS MAN.
Christian: AND HOW THOSE FISTS
DESTROYED YOUR FACE.
Trudy: HE'S A DIFFERENT PERSON
NOW. I WAS AMAZED, TOO. AND WHEN
HE SAW ME, HE--WELL, HE GOT DOWN
ON HIS KNEES, AND HE LITERALLY
BEGGED FOR FORGIVENESS.
Stan: AND I REALLY MEANT IT.
Sean: WHY ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT
GETTING A FACIAL RECONSTRUCTION,
MR. NYE?
Stan: TRUDY'S FORGIVEN ME.
NO ONE ELSE HAS. WE GO TO
RESTAURANTS, A HUSH FALLS OVER
THE PLACE. MANAGERS ASK US TO
LEAVE.
Christian: YES, IT'S A ROUGH
WORLD OUT THERE FOR CHILD
KILLERS. EVEN WORSE FOR
THOSE CHILDREN THEY KILLED
WHO CAN'T EAT OUT.
Stan: LOOK, I'M REPENTANT FOR
WHAT HAPPENED, BUT THIS FACE
STILL SCARES A LOT OF PEOPLE,
AND THEY WON'T LEAVE US ALONE.
THE MEDIA, IT--I GET DEATH
TH REATS.
Trudy: NO ONE RECOGNIZED ME
AI-TER MY NEW NOSE. IT TOTALLY
CHANGED THE SHAPE OF MY FACE,
YOU COULD CHANGE STAN'S NOSE
OR MAYBE HIS CHEEKBONES.
Stan: MAYBE YOU GIVE ME SOME
HAIR PLUGS. I COULD DYE
THE COLOR. LOOK, I JUST WANT TO
START OVER. I WANT A QUIET,
ANONYMOUS LIFE. I SERVED
MY TIME. I DID MY SENTENCE
LIKE A MAN.
Christian: MR. NYE, AS A VICTIM
MYSELF OF CHILDHOOD ABUSE,
I HEARD THE SAME LAMENT FROM
MY ABUSER. THE TRUTH IS,
I BELIEVE YOU ARE SORRY,
SORRY FOR YOURSELF, NOT FOR
TYLER OR FOR YOUR WIFE.
MRS. NYE, IF YOU WANT TO
CONTINUE TO BE AN ACCOMPLICE IN
YOUR HUSBAND'S CRIMES...
THAT'S YOUR BUSINESS. BUT WE
SIMPLY WON'T BE.
GOOD Al-TERNOON.
Kimber: HI. UM, I HAVE AN
APPOINTMENT WITH DR. MCNAMARA.
Christian: I'LL BE TAKING YOUR
STITCH ES OUT, KIMBER.
Kimber: WHERE'S SEAN?
Christian: HE'S AT THE HOSPITAL,
DOING A CLEl-T PALATE CONSULT
ON A NEWBORN. YOU CAN WAIT FOR
HIM IN THE LOBBY IF YOU LIKE,
BUT, UH, IT MIGHT TAKE A WHILE.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
SO, HOW'S EVERYTHING GOING
BETWEEN YOU TWO?
Kimber: FANTASTIC. SEAN'S BEEN
TALKING ABOUT US MOVING IN
Christian: REALLY?
Kimber: WELL, HE'S BEEN HINTING
AT IT. I KNOW IT'S JUST A MATTER
OF TIME. ANNIE AND I GET ALONG
SO WELL. I THINK SEAN LIKES
HAVING ANOTHER FEMALE INFLUENCE
AROUND FOR HER.
Christian: I'M HAPPY FOR YOU,
KIMBER.
Kimber: THANK YOU, CHRISTIAN.
HOW'VE YOU BEEN? ARE YOU STILL
WITH A DIFFERENT GIRL EVERY
NIGHT OF THE WEEK?
Christian: HEH. HARDLY. I'VE
SLOWED DOWN A LOT SINCE I LOST
CUSTODY OF WILBUR. BUT
I APPRECIATE EVERY MOMENT
I SHARED WITH THAT KID SO MUCH
MORE NOW THAT HE'S GONE.
Kimber: THAT MUST BE SO HARD.
Christian: SO, YOU GUYS GOING
OUT THIS WEEKEND?
Kimber: WE'RE GOING SALSA
DANCING.
Christian: CAFE IGUANA?
Kimber: YEAH. HA HA HA.
Christian: REMEMBER WHEN WE WERE
SWEATING SO MUCH FROM DANCING
THERE THAT WE WENT DOWN TO THE
BEACH, TOOK OFF ALL OUR CLOTHES,
AND JUMPED IN THE OCEAN?
Kimber: AND THEN THAT COP CAME
WITH HIS FLASHLIGHT AND WAS
SHINING IT ON US IN THE WATER.
HA HA HA HA.
Christian: YOU AND ME, WE HAD
FUN TOGETHER, DIDN'T WE?
Kimber: YEAH. THERE WERE SOME
GOOD TIMES.
BUT THERE WERE SOME PRETTY BAD
TIMES, TOO, THOUGH.
Christian: WELL, THE BAD TIMES
WERE MOSTLY MY FAULT, BUT...
WHEN IT WAS GOOD, IT WAS 50...
EASY.
SOMETIMES WITH THE PERSON I'M
CURRENTLY SEEING, IT'S...
WORK. HEH.
[SIGHS]
OK. YOUR NEW AND IMPROVED LONGER
LOVE LINES ARE ALL SET.
Kimber: OK.
Christian: YOUR HANDS'LL BE
TENDER FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS,
BUT Ai-TER THAT, YOU--
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[HEAW BREATHING AND MOANING]
Sean: GOTTA GO TO MYERS' OFF--
Kimber: OH, GOD.
Sean: I GUESS YOU CAN'T CHANGE
YOUR HEART LINES, CAN YOU,
KIMBER?
Kimber: THIS ISN'T WHAT YOU
THINK. THIS MEANS NOTHING.
THIS IS JUST SEX. YOU'RE THE ONE
I WANT, NOT HIM.
Sean: I HAVE TO SHARE MY SON
WITH YOU. I WON'T SHARE MY
GIRLFRIEND.
Christian: WE NEED TO TALK,
SEAN.
[CHRISTIAN SIGHS]
Sean: NO NEED TO TALK.
IT WORKED. THANK YOU.
Christian: YOU'RE WELCOME.
Sean: OBVIOUSLY, YOU PLANNED ON
ME FINDING YOU SCREWING KIMBER
IN YOUR OFFICE.
Sean: I DID THINK THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANTED.
Sean: IF THAT WAS YOUR PLAN
ALL ALONG, IT WAS RISKY,
BUT BRILLIANT.
Christian: SHE THREW HERSELF
AT ME...LIKE I KNEW SHE WOULD.
SHE PULLED MY DICK OUT OF MY
PANTS, SEAN.
Sean: I CAN ONLY IMAGINE.
Christian: I TOLD YOU SHE WASN'T
GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU.
Sean: WELL, THANK GOD YOU PROVED
THAT TO ME BEFORE WE GOT ANY
DEEPER. NOW, THIS WAY, THE ONUS
OF THE BREAKUP IS ON HER.
DON'T WORRY. I WON'T TELL
NATASHA.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
THIS IS SEAN.
SHE WHAT?
DO WE HAVE ANY IDEA IF MATT'S
INSIDE?
Julia: IF HE'S NOT, HE SHOULD BE
BACK FROM SCHOOL AT ANY MOMENT.
Sean: IF THIS REVELATION DOESN'T
CAUSE HIM TO RUN OUT ON HER,
I'M GONNA DRAG HIM OUT.
Julia: ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS
THREATEN POLICE ACTION. THIS IS
SO FAR OUT-OF-BOUNDS, SHE HAS
NO DEFENSE.
Sean: WAIT, WAIT. BEFORE WE GO
IN THERE, I'M SORRY I WAS COLD
TO KEVIN THE OTHER NIGHT.
I'M SURE HE'S A NICE GUY.
Julia: IT'S OK, SEAN.
Sean: I JUST HAVE VERY HIGH
STANDARDS FOR WHO YOU GO OUT
WITH.
YOU READY?
Julia: YEAH.
Ava: JULIA, SEAN, WHAT A LOVELY
SURPRISE. HERE FOR SOME COUPLES
COUNSELING?
Julia: ENOUGH OF YOUR BULLSHIT,
AVA. YOU'RE NOT GONNA INFECT OUR
SON WITH YOUR POISON ANYMORE.
Sean: WHERE IS HE? MATT?
MATT.
Ava: SO, GEORGE AND MARTHA HAVE
FINALLY REJOINED FORCES.
WHAT A BREAKTHROUGH.
Sean: WE KNOW WHAT'S BEEN GOING
ON BETWEEN YOU AND ADRIAN, AVA.
Ava: ADRIAN'S MY SON.
WHAT BUSINESS IS THAT OF YOURS?
Julia: IT'S OUR BUSINESS WHEN
YOU'RE SLEEPING WITH OUR SON
AND YOURS AT THE SAME TIME.
Ava: THAT'S DISGUSTING.
Julia: ADRIAN'S TOLD ME ALL
ABOUT IT.
Matt: ADRIAN'S TOLD YOU WHAT?
Adrian: HELLO, EVERYONE.
Sean: ADRIAN, TELL YOUR MOTHER
AND MATT WHAT YOU TOLD JULIA
EARLIER TODAY.
Ava: YES, ADRIAN. TELL US ALL.
WHAT DID YOU TELL JULIA?
Adrian: I TOLD HER WE WERE
HAVING SEX, MOM. I TOLD HER
YOU GAVE THE BEST BLOW JOB IN
TOWN.
Ava: YOU'RE DISGUSTING, ADRIAN.
AND VERY SAD.
Matt: HOW COULD YOU SAY THAT
ABOUT YOUR OWN MOTHER?
THAT'S SICK.
Ava: HE IS SICK, MATT. ADRIAN'S
BEEN ON SEVERAL DRUG THERAPIES
SINCE HIS EARLY TEENS.
HE'S A GARDEN-VARIETY
MANIC-DEPRESSIVE.
CLEARLY, JULIA, ADRIAN SKIPPED
A DOSE OF HIS MEDS WHEN HE TOLD
YOU THIS HORRIBLE LIE. ISN'T
THAT TRUE, ADRIAN?
Adrian: YOU SHUT UP. YOU GAVE ME
THOSE DRUGS TO SHUT ME UP.
BUT I WON'T BE SILENCED ANYMORE!
I MEAN, MOM, CAN'T YOU SEE WHAT
WE'VE DONE?
Ava: WE'VE DONE NOTHING. YOU
NEED PROFESSIONAL HELP, ADRIAN.
A SANITARIUM, PERHAPS.
THE DOCTORS I'VE PROVIDED
CLEARLY HAVEN'T MADE A DENT
IN YOUR TWISTED PATHOLOGY.
Adrian: NO! NO! YOU SCREWED ME
WHEN I WAS 12, AND YOU SAID THAT
YOU LOVED ME!
Julia: IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT,
MATT? TO BE A PART OF THEIR
SICKNESS?
Ava: IT DIDN'T HAPPEN, MATT.
I'M SENDING ADRIAN AWAY TOMORROW
TO GET HELP.
Adrian: IT DID HAPPEN. IT DID
HAPPEN! I SWEAR IT! WHY WOULD I
EVER LIE ABOUT SOMETHING SO DARK
AND SO EVIL AS INCEST?
IT MAKES YOU SICK TO YOUR
STOMACH TO HEAR THAT WORD,
DOESN'T IT, MOM? SAY IT!
SAY IT WITH ME! INCEST!
Ava: I ONLY HELD YOU WHEN YOU
WERE UNSTABLE AND UPSET TO CALM
YOU DOWN.
Adrian: MOTHER'S DON'T SCREW
THEIR SONS!
Ava: YOU'RE NOT MY SON, ADRIAN.
Adrian: WHAT?
Ava: [CRYING]
YOU WERE ADOPTED.
Adrian: THAT'S NOT TRUE.
Ava: YOUR FATHER AND I COULDN'T
CONCEIVE.
Matt: W-WAIT A MINUTE. THIS IS
NOT WHAT YOU TOLD ME, AVA.
Ava: I'M TIRED OF LYING TO SPARE
HIS FEELINGS WHEN HE ONLY HAS
CONTEMPT FOR MINE.
Adrian: MY--MY BIRTH PARENTS
DIDN'T WANT ME?
Ava: NO.
Adrian: WHY NOT?
WHY NOT?!
Ava: THE DOCTORS SAID YOU WERE
MENTALLY DAMAGED. . .A DIAGNOSIS
THAT'S PROVEN CORRECT.
Adrian: AAH!
Ava: I'M SORRY I DIDN'T TELL YOU
EARLIER, MATT.
Sean: COME ON, MATT. LET'S GO
HOME.
[SOBBING]
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
[CANE TAPPING]
Natasha: CHRISTIAN?
Christian: IN HERE.
Natasha: IN HERE WHERE?
Christian: I'M IN HERE.
Natasha: GUESS WHAT? WE GOT WORD
THE TEST MARKETING ON MY NEW
FRAGRANCE WAS SKY-HIGH.
Christian: KEEN SENSE OF SMELL
DOES COME IN HANDY.
WHAT'S WRONG?
Natasha: NOTHING.
Christian: AM I A LITTLE RANK?
Natasha: NO.
BUT SHE IS. VAGINAL SECRETIONS
ARE QUITE PUNGENT. YOU MUST
KNOW THAT. WHY DIDN'T YOU TRY
TO SHOWER OFF THE EVIDENCE?
Christian: BECAUSE I WANTED YOU
TO KNOW.
Natasha: AND...HER NAME IS?
Christian: KIMBER HENRY. SHE WAS
SEAN'S GIRLFRIEND, AND BEFORE
THAT, SHE WAS MINE. IT HAPPENED
IN MY OFFICE. I WAS TAKING HER
STITCHES OUT AI-TER AN OPERATION.
Natasha: SO IT WAS...AN IMPULSE
INTERACTION. WELL, I APPRECIATE
YOUR HONESTY. BUT IT'S GONNA BE
OK, BECAUSE I KNOW THAT YOU
DON'T LOVE HER.
Christian: CHRIST.
Natasha: I'M SORRY.
Christian: SORRY'S AREN'T
ENOUGH. I'M GONNA START BILLING
YOU.
Natasha: OK. WHY ARE YOU BEING
SUCH A PRICK?
Christian: WHAT, YOU'RE JUST
NOTICING? THIS IS ME,
SWEETHEART. I STINK OF STRAY
PUSSY, I DON'T LIKE MOVIE
NIGHTS, AND I THINK ABOUT
BANGING EVERY GIRL I SEE.
Natasha: YOU ARE VERY GENEROUS
OF HEART. YOU'VE BEEN WONDERFUL
WITH ME.
Christian: I CHEATED ON YOU! I
KEEP ON PUTTING MYSELF IN
SITUATIONS WHERE I SHOULD BE
BROKEN UP WITH, BUT NOBODY WILL
CUT ME LOOSE.
Natasha: BECAUSE WE SEE THE GOOD
FIGHTING THE DARK. BECAUSE
YOU'RE WORTH FIGHTING FOR.
Christian: JUST SHUT UP WITH
YOUR POETIC LARGESSE, OK? I
CAN'T TAKE THE GUILT ANY LONGER.
YOU'RE TOO GOOD TO ME. NOT TO
MENTION YOUR INCREDIBLE
HANDICAP, WHICH IF I HAD, I
WOULD'VE THROWN MYSELF OUT THE
WINDOW IN 10 SECONDS. I CAN'T
TAKE THE HEROICS AND THE
GOODNESS AND...
I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE. IT'S
STRANGLING ME. YOU'RE STRANGLING
ME. YOUR HANDICAP RAMPS, AND
YOUR SUPERHUMAN SENSE OF FREAKY
SMELL, AND YOUR SCARY EYES--
Natasha: OK. STOP IT, CHRISTIAN!
Christian: YOU'RE A HASSLE, OK,
NATASHA? I SLEPT WITH KIMBER
TODAY BECAUSE SHE IS FUN AND
BREEZY, AND I DON'T HAVE TO HOLD
HER HAND WHEN WE CROSS THE
STREET. SO I'M NOT ASKING. I'M
TELLING. THE BEST THING FOR BOTH
OF US IS IF YOU WALK OUT THAT
DOOR RIGHT NOW AND NEVER COME
BACK.
Natasha: CHRISTIAN, YOU'RE
BETTER THAN THIS.
Christian: NO, SWEETHEART. YOU
ARE. AND I'M TIRED OF BEING
REMINDED OF IT.
GOOD-BYE.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Ava: IT'S RUDE NOT TO RETURN A
DOZEN PHONE CALLS.
Matt: I DON'T WANNA TALK TO YOU,
AVA. JUST LET ME GET MY STUFF
AND GET OUT OF HERE.
Ava: ADRIAN'S RUN AWAY.
Matt: GOOD FOR HIM.
Ava: I'M WORRIED ABOUT HIM. HE'S
UNSTABLE. HE COULD HURT HIMSELF.
I'M WORRIED HE MIGHT WANT TO
HURT YOU.
Matt: I CAN DEFEND MYSELF.
Ava: YOU CAN STOP ACTING MAD
ABOUT YOUR PARENTS. I DON'T
EXPECT AN IMAGE. I'VE SEEN THE
REAL SOUL INSIDE. I KNOW YOU
MISS ME JUST AS MUCH AS I MISS
YOU.
Matt: JUST DON'T. YOU LIED TO ME
ABOUT ADRIAN.
Ava: I WAS TRYING TO PROTECT HIM
FROM A TRUTH HE CLEARLY COULDN'T
ACCEPT.
Matt: DID YOU SLEEP WITH HIM?
Ava: THE ONLY MAN I'VE BEEN WITH
SINCE I MET YOU IS YOU.
Matt: WHY SHOULD I EVER BELIEVE
YOU AGAIN?
Ava: BECAUSE...EVEN WITH ALL I
RISK BY DOING IT, I LOVE YOU,
AND ONLY YOU. EVERYTHING ELSE
BLOWS AWAY.
Trudy: IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
UM, STAN WASN'T EVEN HOME. HE
WENT DOWN TO THE CORNER TO PICK
UP SOME DINNER. OUR FREEZER WAS
ON THE FRITZ, AND THERE WAS
WATER ALL OVER THE KITCHEN
FLOOR. AND IT WAS STUPID. YOU
KNOW, I KNEW IT WAS THERE, AND I
SLIPPED ON IT ANYWAY, AND I HIT
MY NOSE ON THE CORNER OF THE
TABLE.
Sean: WHY DIDN'T HE COME WITH
YOU?
Trudy: HE WOULD'VE, BUT HE HAD
TO BE AT HIS PAROLE OFFICER'S.
Christian: TRUDY, IF STAN HIT
YOU AGAIN, WHICH HE OBVIOUSLY
DID, YOU CAN TELL US. WE'LL CALL
D.H.S., AND THEY'LL PUT YOU
IN A SAFE SPACE TONIGHT.
Trudy: I'M TELLING YOU, HE
DIDN'T DO IT! IT WAS MY
STUPIDITY, AND THAT IS ALL. STAN
LOVES ME, AND I LOVE STAN, AND
WE NEED EACH OTHER, AND WHAT WE
DON'T NEED IS ANYONE TELLING US
HOW TO LIVE OUR LIVES. SO...CAN
YOU PLEASE FIX MY NOSE? BECAUSE
I'M HAVING TROUBLE BREATHING.
Sean: WE DO HAVE AN OPENING THIS
AI-TERNOON. WE COULD DO THE
OPERATION TODAY IF YOU LIKE.
Trudy: I--I WAS WONDERING, DO
YOU HAVE TO PUT ME UNDER
ANESTHESIA LIKE YOU DID LAST
TIME?
Sean: WHY DO YOU ASK?
Trudy: I'M PREGNANT. I DON'T
WANNA HURT MY BABY.
* YOU TELL ME
THAT YOU'RE LEAVIN',
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S TRUE,
GIRL, THERE'S JUST NO LIVING
WITHOUT YOU *
Sean: SAD, ISN'T IT? AI-TER ALL
THAT'S HAPPENED, STAN NYE'S
POWER OVER TRUDY IS STILL TOO
STRONG FOR HER TO ESCAPE.
Christian: I DON'T SEE A HAPPILY
EVER Al-TER IN THEIR FUTURE.
* WAIT FOR ME,
DON'T YOU LEAVE MY HEART
IN MISERY,
'CAUSE IF YOU GO
THEN I'LL BE BLUE,
BREAKIN' UP IS HARD TO DO *
Sean: SO, I GUESS WE'RE JUST 2
AVAILABLE BACHELORS NOW.
Christian: I GUESS.
Sean: WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GRAB A
FEW BEERS, GET SOME STEAKS, AND
HAVE A RIP-ROARING GUYS ON THE
TOWN NIGHT?
Christian: I CAN'T. I GOT PLANS.
Sean: WOW. A NEW GIRL ALREADY?
IMPRESSIVE, EVEN FOR YOU. WHEN'D
YOU HAVE TIME TO EVEN MEET HER?
Christian: I'M HAVING DINNER
WITH KIMBER TONIGHT.
Sean: WHY ARE YOU GOING OUT WITH
HER?
Christian: YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU'RE
RIGHT? I SHOULDN'T JUST USE HER
SEXUALLY. YOU SHOULD. I'LL
CANCEL, AND THEN YOU CAN PLAY
HIDE THE PICKLE WITH HER
TONIGHT.
Sean: I DON'T WANT THAT. I'M
RELIEVED IT'S OVER. LET'S BE
HONEST. THE ONLY REASON SHE
JUMPED IN THE SACK WITH ME AT
ALL IS BECAUSE OF MY PROXIMITY
TO YOU.
Christian: SHE CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
Sean: NO.
Christian: YOU DON'T BELONG WITH
KIMBER ANYWAY, SEAN. YOU BELONG
WITH SOMEONE LIKE JULIA.
Sean: YEAH. WELL, JULIA IS NOT
AVAILABLE ANY LONGER.
[CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--]